Sometimes you see COPY or ADD being used in a Dockerfile, but 99% of the time you should be using COPY, here's why.
COPY and ADD are both Dockerfile instructions that serve similar purposes. They let you copy files from a specific location into a Docker image.
COPY takes in a src and destination. It only lets you copy in a local file or directory from your host (the machine building the Docker image) into the Docker image itself.
ADD lets you do that too, but it also supports 2 other sources. First, you can use a URL instead of a local file / directory. Secondly, you can extract a tar file from the source directly into the destination.
In most cases if you’re using a URL, you’re downloading a zip file and are then using the RUN command to extract it. However, you might as well just use RUN with curl instead of ADD here so you chain everything into 1 RUN command to make a smaller Docker image.
A valid use case for ADD is when you want to extract a local tar file into a specific directory in your Docker image. This is exactly what the Alpine image does with 
ADD rootfs.tar.gz /.

The EXPOSE instruction informs Docker that the container listens on the specified network ports at runtime. EXPOSE does not make the ports of the container accessible to the host. The EXPOSE instruction makes it available only for inter-container communication.

The WORKDIR instruction sets the working directory for any RUN, CMD, ENTRYPOINT, COPY and ADD instructions in side the container image. 

Both CMD and ENTRYPOINT instructions define what command gets executed when running a container. There are few rules that describe their co-operation.

1. Dockerfile should specify at least one of CMD or ENTRYPOINT commands.
2. ENTRYPOINT should be defined when using the container as an executable.
3. CMD should be used as a way of defining default arguments for an ENTRYPOINT command or for executing an ad-hoc command in a container.
4. CMD will be overridden when running the container with alternative arguments.
===> You can not override the ENTRYPOINT wereas CMD can be overriden by new CMD 

LABLE instruction are key valuepair of metadata for images
ENV instruction are key valuepair Environment Variables to be supplied in container images.
